.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ILBC 7 "January 31, 2010"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ilbc \- iLBC codec for voice communication (RFC 3951 version)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B libilbc.so
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B libilbc
library.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBiLBC (internet Low Bitrate Codec)\fP is a FREE speech codec suitable
for robust voice communication over IP.
.PP
The codec is designed for narrow band speech and results in a payload
bit rate of 13.33 kbit/s with an encoding frame length of 30 ms and
15.20 kbps with an encoding length of 20 ms. The iLBC codec enables
graceful speech quality degradation in the case of lost frames, which
occurs in connection with lost or delayed IP packets.
.SH SOURCE CODE
The source code was downloaded from http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3951.txt
and extracted from the document using the awk script provided at
http://www.ilbcfreeware.org/documentation/extract-cfile.awk.
.PP
For more information, please visit http://www.ilbcfreeware.org.
.SH LICENSE
This software is subject to a license which does not comply with the
Debian Free Software Guidelines for free software.
.PP
The iLBC codec is covered by the document: "Global IP Solutions iLBC
Public License, v3.0, IETF Version - Limited Commercial Use."
.PP
Please note that personal, non-commercial use of this software is
generally permitted.  Commercialization is permitted with certain
limitations BUT REQUIRES REGISTRATION WITH LICENSOR PRIOR TO ANY
COMMERCIAL DEPLOYMENT.
.PP
Very importantly, use of this software in an individual’s capacity as
an officer, employee, member, independent contractor, or agent of a
corporation, business, or organization (commercial or non-commercial)
does not qualify as personal use.
.PP
The license should be included somewhere on your sytem as a file named
gips_iLBClicense.pdf. At the time of writing the license was also
available for download from:
.PP
http://www.ilbcfreeware.org/documentation/gips_iLBClicense.pdf and
.br
http://gipscorp.com/files/english/gips_iLBClicense.pdf.
.PP
You should not rely on this synopsis. Please consult the license
document for complete, accurate and definitive information.
.SH TRADEMARKS
iLBC and Global IP Solutions are trademarks of Global IP Solutions.
.SH AUTHOR
This version of libilbc was written by S. Andersen, Aalborg University,
A. Duric, Telio, H. Astrom, R. Hagen, W. Kleijn, J. Linden and
Global IP Sound.
.PP
This manual page was written by Not Available <(none)>.
